Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Previously on From...
Everything's so... nice
in that place I've seen.
Victor...
he wears a shirt and tie.
And we have a grandson.
He has your eyes.
These things I'm seeing...
could they be real?
Do you want to stay here.
Henry?
How?
You have to forcibly disconnect.
You have to eliminate the anchor.
This morning. I saw this.
Is it possible that I'm
turning into one of them?
No.
That's not what's happening.
Tell her that's
not what's happening.
Her heart rate
is 19 beats per minute.
That's impossible.
Fatima shouldn't even
be alive right now.
This is the chamber where
the bones are buried. right?
What happens when they block
our only exit out
of that chamber?
We are standing
right above the cavern
those bones are buried in.
You wanna cut down the tree?
I wanna pull it out by the roots.
What's plan B.
when the tree doesn't come out
and we have people
barricaded in a death trap
with no place else to go?
You're probably
gonna lose some people.
but you could
save a whole lot more.
So. suck it up. make a choice.
and live with it.
Come to the RV
or I'll hurt Julie and Ethan.
You're about to do something
you've never done before.
You may have finally found
the key to setting
those children free. Or...
you're about to unleash
a type of suffering you
can't even begin to imagine.
This was really nice.
Oh. my God...
He was
in my house. Boyd.
That fucking thing
was in my house!
- Wait. Are you sure?
- Yes!
He had Ethan's drawings!
That means he came inside!
Even with a talisman
on the door.
it was inside.
in the middle of the day.
Okay. All right.
He killed Jim.
What?
How do you know that?
Because he told me!
- Jesus...
- We're not safe here anymore.
Look. hey.
I get it. Boyd.
Okay? I know you want
to protect everybody.
I know you want to
keep everyone safe.
so do I.
That's why I'm gonna be the one
going down into those tunnels.
Boyd. listen. there is no
perfect version
of a plan. all right?
This is it; this is
the best chance we've got!
You're right.
- What?
- Walk me through it again.
Wait.
What just happened?
That guy in
the yellow suit. he's back.
When the sun
comes up tomorrow.
I wanna be ready to
put shovels in the ground.
We're getting
those fucking bones.
What are you guys doing?
Boyd told us to gather
all the rope
and chain we could find.
For what?
You didn't hear?
When people go into
the tunnels tomorrow.
they're gonna
dig up those bones.
Really?
Yeah.
Jade. Kenny. and a couple
of others. I think.
Wow. I hope it works.
We're gonna be up all night
making a rope ladder.
if you wanna come by.
Sounds like fun.
Can you handle this?
I'm gonna go check the shed.
- Yeah.
- Can I help?
Sure.
You're Clara.
Yeah.
Um. Sophia. right?
That's right.
Hm.
But. um...
...do you know
who I really am?
What?
Maybe if you look closer.
Does this help?
Oh. God.
Do you remember
the bargain we made?
Good.
because I need you
to do something for me.
Hey.
- Hey.
- What are you doing?
How's Fatima?
She's doing
the jigsaw puzzle.
I told her
it was a cognitive test.
Good; that should keep
her occupied for a bit.
What are you looking for?
Epinephrine shot
from the ambulance.
I swear I put it in here.
I just...
There it is.
'Kay. I gotta go
to talk to Boyd.
Just keep her here.
keep her busy.
If anything happens.
if her heart stops...
Okay.
I've done these shots before.
Right.
- I got it.
- Just... be careful.
We don't know what
any of this means yet.
- Yeah.
- 'Kay.
I love you.
Love you too.
Sara?
Hello?
You home?
Come on in.
Let's go to my room.
Sara painted it for me.
Isn't that lovely?
It's not my favorite color.
Come sit.
You don't have to be scared.
When you first came here.
we made a bargain.
and I told you.
at some point.
that I was
gonna need your help.
That day we met. I...
started to wonder
if it was real.
Are you really
gonna let me go home?
First. you need to
help me with something.
You want me to stop them
from digging up the bones.
Oh. no.
You see...
when they go into
those tunnels tomorrow.
that's not gonna
work out very well.
They have
the right idea. of course.
but this place...
it's built on ritual.
and with rituals.
how you do something
is just as important
as what you do.
Then. what do you
need from me?
Do you like games. Clara?
Answer me when
I ask you a question.
Yes. Yeah.
I-I like games. I guess.
I love them.
I'm playing
so many right now. but...
there's one or two
that need a little push.
speed things up a bit.
Give me your hand.
Clara. give me your hand
or I'm going to do
horrible things to you.
That's a good girl.
This next part
will feel strange.
Just relax.
Let me in.
So. once the group in
the tunnels have the bones.
then we pull the tree. and then
we get 'em out with the ladder
that they're putting
together at the. uh. diner.
And how are the people
in the tunnels
gonna protect themselves
while they're digging?
Those things down there
wake up. they're fucked!
We're gonna cover the entrance
to the chamber with a tarp.
We're gonna hang a talisman
on it. and it should be
- as good as a wall.
- Yep.
If the talismans
work down there.
We haven't exactly
field-tested them yet.
It'll work.
Listen.
I don't wanna be the asshole.
but once you pull out
that tree.
it's like opening a window.
Talismans or not. those
things are coming inside.
Whoever's in that tunnel
is gonna get slaughtered
long before they
climb that ladder.
Once the bones
are out of the ground.
they'll keep
the chamber safe.
Come again?
It's why they're buried.
Those things down there
are afraid of them;
I could feel it in my trip.
Once we have the bones
out of the ground.
they will keep those things
from coming into the chamber.
at least long enough for
everyone to get out.
You are putting a whole
lotta faith
in a handful of mushrooms.
Okay.
Let's say this works.
Let's say you actually
dig up these magical bones
and get outta
the chamber alive.
what happens next?
We all just gonna
hop in our cars and go home?
We don't know.
Of course not.
You have figured out
just enough
to get yourself killed.
but not what to do if you actually...
Look. we can't wait around for
this prick in the yellow suit
to keep picking us
off one by one!
I know!
I just hope you're right.
Boyd?
Kristi?
- Can we talk?
- Wha...
Um. Jade and I will go
get those radios started.
Okay.
Uh. we'll finish.
Hey. what's up?
Let's... yeah.
let's go for a walk.
Come on.
I. um. I don't
know how to say this.
but Fatima is presenting
with the vital signs...
You okay. Henry?
Why is this here?
- What?
- Did someone...
bring it in their car?
Who travels with
a carousel horse?
I just figured
it was always here.
I baked some cookies.
Do you want one?
No. thank you.
I don't blame you.
I always used to bake
when I was nervous.
It used to help with my...
It used to help. But...
...nothing ever really
turns out the same here.
Yeah.
Someone'll be hungry enough.
Dad? Dad.
It's okay.
Hey.
Hey!
Hey. Okay. It's okay.
Wha...
Dad.
Hey. Look.
I got your favorite.
I even... I brought some
provolone cheese from home.
Here.
Just like you like it.
Yeah.
Yeah?
So. have you thought about
what Doctor Boyd said?
Doc... Doctor Boyd?
Yeah.
That's... That's right.
the sheriff's name
is Boyd.
How do you know that?
Because you mumble
sometimes. Dad;
so we've heard all the names -
Boyd and Donna.
Ethan...
I-I-I...
Yeah.
Okay. I'm. um. okay.
Have you thought
about what she said
about the anchor
that's keeping you there?
Yeah. I can't... I can't. No.
Okay. Why?
No. because...
Because it's you.
Victor. you're the anchor.
You're the anchor.
You're... You're...
you're what's keeping me there.
So. the doctor wants me
to eliminate you?
To kill you? No. I...
Dad...
- No!
- Dad. that's not me.
No. that broken boy
who grew up alone.
he's not... he's not real.
He's not real. Dad.
Look at me.
I'm not alone.
I'm here.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have a family.
one that misses
you very much.
And if what the doctor
is saying is true.
and you just let go of that...
that version of me.
then you get
to come back to us.
Isn't that what you want?
Don't you want that?
Well. of course. Of c...
But how...
how could I? Even if...
Even if I wanted to.
how could I...?
You know.
with my bare hands? Or...
Dad. the doctor
said that
once you accept
that it's a dream.
the dream is gonna provide you
with everything that you need.
You just need
to accept it isn't real.
But how can I do that?!
Dad?
Are you okay?
I'm... I'm fine.
Well. you don't look fine.
I'm...
- Dad. please...
- I...
need you to just...
I need to be alone
right now.
Dad...
And where is she now?
We're trying to keep her at
the clinic as long as possible.
Marielle's up there
with her now.
Okay.
Boyd. what's the plan here?
I don't know.
Okay. you're gonna have to
do a bit better than that.
I can't. all right? I'm...
Okay.
Okay. how 'bout
we talk to Ellis?
No. No.
You do not talk to Ellis.
You don't talk to Fatima.
The best thing
we can do right now
is get her
the fuck outta here.
and that means
tomorrow has to work.
Okay. I'm gonna need you
to come out there.
- Boyd. I...
- We got a group of people
going down into those tunnels.
I don't know
what kinda shape
they're gonna be in
when they come out.
Somebody gets hurt.
we might not have time
to make it to the clinic.
So. Marielle
stays with Fatima.
you bring as many supplies as
you can out to the Bottle Tree.
We're gonna...
we're gonna get through this.
And then. we're...
we're gonna go home.
We are gonna go home.
What? What do you mean
he was here?
He was in the house?
Yeah.
Why didn't the talisman
stop him from coming in?
I don't know.
Is he the one
that killed Dad?
Yes.
Was it because what you
and Jade figured out?
Is that what "knowledge
comes at a cost" means?
Yes.
Okay. so. who's next?
You're still looking
for answers. right?
Who's he gonna kill next?
Ethan?
Me?
I'm not going
to let that happen.
How? How are you
gonna stop that. Mom?
Can't you see what
this place is doing to you?
It lies.
Do you honestly believe
that you've been here over
and over and over again?
That you're
some kind of ancient savior?
I saw
the Man in Yellow once.
I saw him standing
in the middle of the street.
eating a bunch
of dead people.
Wait. What?
I thought that I was
traveling through time.
that I could change things
and that I could save Dad.
But you know what
I was really doing?
I was giving
myself seizures.
Where are you going?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
How do these work?
Who made them?
Did you make them?
I don't know.
But if you have
all these memories.
you should know this. right?
It doesn't work that way.
Maybe that's
because it's not real.
Mom...
this place lies
to us so that
we hurt ourselves
and we hurt each other.
Please stop
giving it what it wants.
- Hey.
Everything okay?
Yeah. I. um...
I just brought
something for Fatima.
A family remedy.
Uh. she's inside.
Great.
Hey. Fatima.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
I heard you weren't feeling
great. so I made this for you.
What is it?
It's. uh.
an old family recipe.
a mix of berries. herbs.
I had to improvise with
a couple of ingredients.
That's very sweet.
Thank you.
You really need to drink it
while it's fresh.
It'll make you feel better;
I promise.
Uh. yeah. Sure.
Can't hurt. right?
I know it doesn't
taste great. but. um...
Take care of yourself.
I'll see you back
at Colony House.
Yeah.
I'm sorry
I don't come here much.
But I don't really know
what to think anymore.
Boyd told Dad and I
that you're Tabitha now.
If you're Tabitha.
that means that
you're not with Eloise.
That means
you're not even there.
But I don't know
where else to go.
I think there's
something wrong with Dad.
and I-I don't know
how to help him.
Tabitha says that
we're gonna go home...
...but what if he doesn't
make it that long?
I don't know things that I'm
supposed to say to someone.
Go away.
This is private.
What do you want?
You know what
the others are doing?
Going into the tunnels
to get the bones.
so everyone can go home.
Did you know they're
gonna pull down the tree?
The Bottle Tree?
I've told you before;
that tree is important.
You can't let that happen!
I just want
you to know...
that I'm
not here for me.
I don't
fuckin' like you.
I think I've made
that pretty clear.
I've made peace with...
whatever shit
you got planned for me.
I'm here for my son.
I'm here for Fatima.
Don't do this.
You hear me?
Whatever this shit is
you're pulling. don't do this.
Whatever it is
you have against me.
there are good
people here.
Get these people home!
You...
Boyd?
Kristi said you were
looking for me.
I need to ask you not to repeat
anything I'm about to say.
Okay?
Of course.
All right.
Fatima is down at the clinic.
having some tests done.
Uh. her heart rate.
her blood pressure are not...
She should be dead
right now.
But. instead. she's walking
around like nothing's wrong.
When Fatima went missing.
you came to me and you said
the voices were laughing.
Right? Because they knew
that I couldn't save her.
But we did.
We found her.
She's okay.
The voices were wrong.
We... We saved her.
Didn't we?
I don't know.
Okay.
I'm coming
with you tomorrow.
I wanna be there.
Hey.
Do you think
he was really Dad?
What?
We went to the settlement
because Dad told me
to find the Lake of Tears.
Then. bad things happened.
Do you think
it was really him?
I don't know. honey.
I think this place
tries to make us afraid.
so we won't believe in
the things that can help us.
All those things
you remember?
You should listen to
what it's trying to tell you.
Don't be scared
to believe.
Come here. Come here.
Mom?
What's wrong?
And we boosted the signal
as much as we could.
We're not gonna be able to talk
to each other. but we do have...
Huh?
Poor man's Morse code.
So. you can signal us
from the chamber.
Exactly.
Okay. that's good.
- Nice.
- Pack all this up
and bring it
to Colony House.
- Yes. sir.
- Yeah. we need to... Victor?
Is it true?
Are you pulling down the tree?
The Bottle Tree.
are you pulling it down?
We need to make sure that
we can get our people
out of the tunnels safely.
- You can't do that!
- We don't have a choice.
Victor. this is a good thing.
No. you don't understand.
He said you can't.
- Wait. Who said?
- The Boy in White;
he said that
the tree is important.
You can't pull it down.
Because the Boy in White
said not to.
- That's right.
- Okay. then.
where is he. Victor?
Why doesn't he just come
- in here and tell us himself?
- It doesn't work that way!
He told me! He's my friend.
and he knows things!
Why won't he help us?
Victor. there are things here.
there are things here
that play games with us.
- No.
- And I think this little boy
is one of those things.
No! No!
You... you can't do this!
You can't!
I'm gonna stop you!
Hey. Vic... Aww. fuck.
Victor. listen. hey.
Victor?
Listen to me.
Slow down.
Victor. slow down.
No.
Victor. hey. Buddy.
Hey. listen.
I'm gonna need you to come
with me to the station. Victor!
Okay?
Victor. come here.
- Get off me!
- Hey. Victor. come on!
- No! No!
- Come!
- No. no! No!
- Take it easy!
- No. no!
- Okay. Victor. all right.
Stop!
Stop it!
I am trying to help you!
- I know!
- I'm trying to help you!
Yes. Victor.
I know. I know. I know.
I'm sorry. buddy.
There are people...
- You don't understand!
- ...risking their lives.
and we just can't take...
- Stop!
- ...any chances.
Okay! Okay.
Come on. come on. come on.
- Tabitha! Stop!
- No! Wait. wait. wait!
Don't let them do it!
Don't let them!
Take him to the station.
all right?
- 'Kay. Victor. come on!
- Why is he in handcuffs?!
Because I'm trying to prevent
a problem before it happens.
The Boy in White told him that
we can't take down the tree.
so he's gonna try and stop us.
Look. you tell me you wanna
scrap this whole thing.
forget about the bones.
then I'll let Victor go.
We don't know who
the boy is or what he wants.
Exactly! Exactly.
Excuse me.
Boyd. wait.
It needs to be me.
I need to be the one who
goes down into the tunnels.
Hey. we've got plenty of people
going down there. and...
Boyd. you don't understand.
It needs to be
only me and Jade.
What?
Hold on. this...
Boyd. we're the ones
who failed to save
those children.
We're the ones they've been
calling to over and over again.
Okay. listen. look.
Look. look. look. look. look.
Look at the talisman.
There are
two people here. right?
Who do you
think those people are?
It has to be us.
I ca... I can't. I can't.
Something goes wrong. what
happens to Julie and Ethan?
Who do you think
I'm doing this for?
Boyd...
we only get
to do this once.
And I think here.
in this place.
the way that
we do this matters.
You have to trust me.
Time to get inside.
Oh. um.
I thought I'd help out
with the rope ladder
in the diner.
It seems really important.
They'll really
appreciate that; we all do.
Just doing my part.
Goodnight. Sheriff.
Night.
Those buttons don't
actually work.
You know.
they're just for show.
How did you do that?
What do you mean?
What are you guys
doing in there?
Jesus. those fucking things...
Just ignore them.
Stay focused. you guys.
All right? Just keep working.
Let's get those blinds closed.
He's just sitting there.
Yeah. he's angry
and he's scared.
Hey. look.
There's something
we need to talk about.
You're not coming
out there with us tomorrow.
- What?
- I need you to stay behind.
No.
Kenny. listen to me.
Listen to me.
All planning aside.
we have no idea what's
gonna happen tomorrow.
If we end up looking
at the worst-case scenario.
okay?
Donna's gonna need some help
keeping this place together.
Think of it like a...
a continuity of government
in the event of a catastrophe.
You want me to just sit here...
I want you to do your part.
You asked me to stand down
when I wanted to be the one
to test the totem. and. hey.
you were right.
I'm asking you
to stand down now.
Please.
Okay.
The last of
Father Khatri's stash.
To better days.
Yeah.
I know.
Why can't we just
stay at the house?
Honey.
you'll be safer here.
Can't somebody else
go down in the tunnels?
I wish they could.
but it has to be me.
Don't be scared
to believe. remember?
What if you
don't come back?
Hey.
Remember what Jade said.
The bones are gonna protect us
when we're down in the chamber.
And once we're back.
we'll be
so much closer to going home.
How are the bones
gonna protect you?
It's just the way they work.
See?
We're going to be okay.
I love you.
You gotta
be strong. okay?
Okay.
- Okay.
- We should get going.
I'll see you
in a few hours.
I love you.
I love you too.
You're lucky.
Why's that?
Not a single person here
tried to talk me out of this.
Hey. Acosta.
you get that ladder off.
- Got it?
- Yeah.
- Goin' up. Randall?
Whoa. Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Make sure.
Yeah. yeah. Okay.
Hey. anything yet?
Think we've got something.
Rope ladder's here.
Oh. okay. great.
Come over here.
Here. I'll help you.
Radios are online.
You ready?
Not really.
That's the right answer.
Oh. come on. Okay.
Watch your head.
Yeah!
What are you doing here?
I thought you'd want to know;
things changed a little.
and now it's only
Tabitha and Jade
who are going
into the tunnels.
You should've told me sooner.
I'm sorry.
I just found out.
I-I still get
to go home. right?
Sophia?
Check this out. There's a...
There's a...
there's a
person in this photo. um...
the girl in the background...
she looks just like you.
That's because it is me.
I don't understand.
How is that possible?
Clara. would you
lock the doors. please?
I can only take the form of
people who have died here.
The hell's going on?
I really wish you
hadn't seen that.
This is it.
Here. Here.
Take this.
Hurry.
Okay. listen.
Just breathe. okay?
Once we're done.
we're safe.
Okay.
Sorry.
Tabitha. take this.
Here. Got it?
Okay.
Right over here.
Yep.
Hurry up.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. It's good.
It's good.
Hey. wait. wait.
Watch your fingers.
watch your fingers.
watch the fingers.
- It's ready.
- Make sure it's secure.
- You got it?
- Great. Yep.
Yeah. They're in the chamber.
Okay.
All right. guys. let's get
that truck into position.
On the next signal. we go.
Yeah.
'Kay. everyone get back!
All right. Let's go!
Here you go.
This is it.
This is where
they're buried.
Okay...
Tabitha.
You found it.
Oh. God.
Yes.
Look.
Help me find the edges.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay. That's good.
Let's grab the crowbars.
- Okay.
- That's fine.
- Stick it under the rock.
- What?
Stick it under the rock.
That's it.
Get some leverage on it.
- Yeah.
- Let's lift. Okay. ready?
- One. two. three!
- Oh. damn. that's heavy!
- Why is this so difficult?
It's a giant slab of rock.
Okay. ready?
One. two. three!
Okay.
Wait. wait. wait.
Ready? Okay.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Oh. Jesus.
You know. you really
shouldn't be doing that.
Jade...
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-